And the last video we learn how to reset a few sessions that we can reposition notes based on a new
starting Warragul origin in this video we're going to further customize notes and position them in random
places.
So first change the chamfer radius to about zero point zero three.
So what this will do is it will cut off about three centimeters zero point zero three meters from the
edges of the box giving it a rounder edge.
Run the up.
If you look at the box very closely.
Notice that the edges are rounder if you want to make a sphere back to X code.
Make sure that all of these dimensions are the same and make the chamfer radius one half of all of these
dimensions.
So right 0.1 divided by two.
So the trick is if all of the dimensions of the same measurement and you divide that measurement by
two you will get a sphere run up.
Wait till the world origin loads.
Press add and it gives us a sphere.
This will be useful once you get to drawing in three dimensions.
For now though change this back to 0.03 and give the box a specular light by node does geometry.
First material does specular content's is equal to you like colored adult white.
So first material is the appearance of a surface.
As I explained before in specular is light that's reflected off of a surface.
We're giving the light a color of white so a white light is going to reflect off of the surface of the
box.
Run the app to see how this works.
Wait till the world origin loads.
Press add and notice that nothing happens.
There is no white light reflecting.
The reason is you need to give the scene view a source of light for the node to be able to reflect it.
So in view to load right when we are on our session we're going to add lighting by writing self does
view all enables default lighting is equal to true.
By doing this you're putting an omni directional light source in the scene view an omni directional
light source is simply light that spreads across the entire scene that we have light run the up again.
Wait till the world origin loads press.
And you get a reflection of white from the box
now have it reflect a color of orange by replacing the white speculate with an orange color.
Run the up press add and it reflects an orange color.
Now instead of positioning the box in one place we're going to position it in many places.
This function is inside of your resources folder.
Make sure to copy it into your ex-cult project.
So this function takes a minimum flow value and a maximum flow value.
And it gives you a flow value in between.
This will be used to place the box in random directions instead of just one.
Now don't worry about this complicated return and you just know that it gives you a random value in
the range that you give it.
So back to your ad idea action.
Right.
X is equal to random numbers between negative 0.3 and 0.3.
So what this will do for us is that it will return a float value that's between 0.3 meters to the left
of the world origin and 0.3 meters to the right.
Do the same thing for the y value.
Why is equal to random numbers between negative 0.3 meters below the origin and 0.3 meters above the
world origin.
Do the same thing for those that value.
And this will give us a random flip value that's between negative 0.3 meters behind the world origin
and 0.3 meters in front of it.
And instead of having these Sadik values for the positioning just put X Y and Zed.
And so now we have a random horizontal vertical and depth for every single box that we had to test this
just run the up.
Let me just wait till the world origin loads
and as soon as it loads let me back away from it and start adding some boxes and notice all of these
boxes that are getting added in random positions every time.
This is pretty cool and how they're all reflecting an orange color of light and the next video we're
going to look at default and custom shapes.